#8055 allow to load 3dtiles tileset via viewer parameters (#9021)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/map-query-parameters.md

GET `#/viewer/config?actions=[{"type":"CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS","layers":["layer1","layer2","workspace:externallayername"],"sources":["catalog1","catalog2",{"type":"WMS","url":"https://example.com/wms"}],"options": [{"params":{"CQL_FILTER":"NAME='value'"}}, {}, {"params":{"CQL_FILTER":"NAME='value2'"}}]}]`

Number of objects passed to the options can be different to the number of layers, in this case options will be applied to the first X layers, where X is the length of options array.

The 3D tiles service endpoint does not contain a default property for the name of the layer and it returns only a single layer. Below some ways to correctly request the layer contained inside 3D tiles service:

- Use the `url` property to get the layer

```json
{
    "type": "CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS",
    "layers": ["https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json"],
    "sources": [{ "type":"3dtiles", "url":"https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json" }]
}

> ```

Reviewer: I tried this and I had a "aa5" title, but I don't know where it comes from, can you explain?

Author: New proposed configuration uses the layer entry as title of the new layer, no more multiple approaches

> The 3D tiles service endpoint does not contain a default property for the name of the layer and it returns only a single record for this reason the name used in the layers array will be used to apply the title to the added 3D Tiles layer:

```json
{
    "type": "CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS",
    "layers": ["My 3D Tiles Layer"],
    "sources": [{ "type":"3dtiles", "url":"https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json" }]
}
```

GET: `#/viewer/config?actions=[{"type":"CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS","layers":["My 3D Tiles Layer"],"sources":[{"type":"3dtiles","url":"https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json"}]}]`

Reviewer: can layers elements be objects? I should follow the same system of other MapStore. Or maybe options can contain more settings (e.g. localized title?).

I should be as much as possible consistent with the rest of the layers.

GET: `#/viewer/config?actions=[{"type":"CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS","layers":["https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json"],"sources":[{"type":"3dtiles","url":"https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json"}]}]`

> - Use the `title` property in the source object to assign the name to the layer

Author: With the new configuration the title property is not visible anymore

```

GET: `#/viewer/config?actions=[{"type":"CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS","layers":["My 3D Tiles Layer"],"sources":[{"type":"3dtiles","url":"https://example.com/tileset-pathname/tileset.json"}]}]`

> If the 3D Tiles needs title with different translation is still possible to include the `options` parameter with the desired translation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the 3D Tiles you can pass also the layer options, to customize the layer. Here and example to localize the title:
```
